#<!-------------Report 1-------------->

It still technically works, however, the half pyramid has too many
characters now on each level and looks funny.

#<!-------------Report 2-------------->

Much like the first half pyramid, the full pyramid goes through the
same glitch where the characters simply repeat and make an sort of 'double'
pyramid on every level.

#<!-------------Report 3-------------->

The objectives of this program were to work off of for loop functions
to create designated outputs, think about how to use these basic functions to
make shapes such as a pyramid, parabola, and circle, and to present the challenges
of glitches in basic functions as to inspire a thought process of how to go about
making a code as flaw free as possible.

Most of my variables were named pretty clearly in relation to what they represented,
specific to each project and what they were trying to tackle.  In the pyramid code,
'levels' referred to the height of the pyramid, 'blocks' to the special character
used to build it, and 'pyramid' defined the actual pyramid shape in accordance
with the range specific to the number of levels.  In the fix code, I used the
variable 'len_blocks' to define the length of the special characters to stop them
rom being longer than one.

In the parabola code, 'x_start' refers to the starting range value for the parabola
(usually negative) and 'x_end' the ending value (positive) i.e., (-2,2) points on
each side of the parabola.  'x' itself is defined as an empty integer and I gave
'y' the parabola formula while parabola represents the parabola itself.

For the circle, 'r' is the radius of the circle, which is user imputed.  'Width'
in the is case is the width of the blot the circle is on (x-axis) and 'height'
is the height of the plot (y-axis).  'a' and 'b' are the random variables in a
circle equation which I simply set equal to the radius.  The 'circle' is the
defined circle in terms of x, y, the radius, and it's building block special
character '*'.  The last for loop is simply called plot because the join function
is what draws the outline of the circle onto the plot.

The set of steps behind these five project involved the use of many for loops and
defining of multiple variables.  I used the range function quite a bit, particularly
with the pyramid and circle to define the shapes and how far they should go or
how big they should be.

There were several flaws in my code, including tasks I was not able to fully
manage.  With the pyramids, even once I had fixed the problem of entering more
than one special character to build the pyramid out of, the error phrase kept
repeating as many times as the entered amount of levels instead of just once.
With the full pyramid, I tried various ways to get it centered, but could never
seem to get it right despite the number in each row being correct.  I tried to
use a 'center.' function I found, but to no avail.  I tried working off of a
base code on stackoverflow where someone had made a centered pyramid of 1's, but
it did not work when I tried to tinker with it and turn the ones into the user
imputed value (they had a space after the one which I could not keep with the
user input variable).  At one point I managed to make it very diagonally slanted.

The parabola gave me the most difficulties, I had little idea how to tackle it,
but gave it an attempt.  I kept getting errors about the x and y variables not
being defined properly and when I did manage to get those error free, I could
not figure out how to map the parabola at all, despite obtain information from
the user.

The circle gave me similar trouble, I know it is definitely not perfect.  If the
radius was too big, parts of the circle started disappearing off the edge.  I
believe I managed to fix this by making the plot three times bigger than the
radius so that the circle stayed on the plot every time I tested it, but now the
plot started creating a lot of extra blank space.

Overall, this assignment presented an array of challenges, but I tried my best
to tackle them with the basic functions we learned and hope to improve in the
coming assignments as the extent these functions can be used for starts to click
for me.
